at
youtube I hope you're fine I
find you for another video
always an excerpt from live and this
time I wanted to show you a
glass interview excerpt so a
raid is dated at the high level
26 if I'm not mistaken and in this chaos
I just wanted to show you
an excerpt from the passage of time folded where
we get to kill time bent without
no teleportation so it's no longer
a feat at the moment much
a lot of people have done it and are doing it
even from the beginning
this will unlock another vault
but I just wanted you
show this little technique very
effective and it's also for me
the opportunity to show you an excerpt from
no life that takes place every night
on tweets and that I invite you to come
watch with us
I wish you a very very good
watching a pleasant day and close
the Verdon singles
such a unique choice makes it quite
accurate for the shield the ten years the
shield should not leave and there are some
September 7th floor someone does not
shell month and ben you come home no
I can always try it I do not pick up
I speak you all go to the
car is the other side also played at
sewer and tp rockets or the
defender block the goals the Lyon
which is in place
okay so the furniture and say I
salute what sleeve
yes I will be mayor of saint-josse le
true mox the invitation of the bastards gold
vincent so that he does what to you
they are life friends there too I
including that of sweets or
customs package here he is dead he
is dead is to refuse the cgt for the
should not open it I think even that
the raid the v30 these stuffs of 10 instead
of 4
the other coach he's in the middle a shock
with drogba
he's in the middle of the gallery yeah
because I had fun inside
I got fucked months ago and we can
treats from one device to another one does not
do not know whether to block the seconds
cdt Perrin is like before age 30
he was ready if I block them and I the
block all that during the time and that's it
depends on how the club works
not far there no until tomorrow there is
one in the middle in the middle of the descent
that's a whole basin no no but no
not in a name stack but you in
have a third camp the camp the
templar was not you have one
third which is in the descent
he fell into a cave that is
yet another sure thing I think tonight or
so we talk about the same thing
we arrive europe
the little hole yeah so we were talking about
the music talking about the same thing
excuse me I meet the Brestois
but beautiful this weekend but I followed
his mother was expecting more from the pc on the guy
name was standing from the local core to us
the is there the climb shot is gone
yeah the truth that there were I
think it had to change his plans by
nuncio on the left is where it is
reduce to a minimum and a half that comes wc the
main too viewer that sense hello yes
what is your record of 12.6 in chief
of the raid
I tell you we need light geged who
will talk to them again decided